doc(release) Release notes oss 24.10 (#4126)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.10.5

Release date: `February 26, 2025`

> <details open>
>   <summary>Enhancements</summary>
> 
> - [CEIP] Added LACCESS in metadata.
> - [Media][Image Synchronization] Added the handling of .svg files.
> - [Resource Status] Added Flapping state in "find ressource by parent" endpoint.
> - [Resource Status] Added Flapping state in listing of resources and details panel.
> - [Status Grid widget] Optimized the way the health of the Business Activities is calculated.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [ACL] Fixed issue with hostgroup creation by a non admin user.
> - [Agent/Poller configuration] Fixed an issue on search.
> - [CLAPI] Fixed issue preventing the list of Business Activities to be displayed after creating a Business Activity using CLAPI.
> - [Configuration] Fixed an issue on remote Server where user loses contact group when edited.
> - [Media][Image Synchronization] Fixed issue with the case sensitivity of file extensions.
> - [Reports/Availability] Fixed an issue when downloading CSV if a day is UNDETERMINED on selected period.
> - [Resource status] Fixed an issue on host_category filter which doesn't work and returns an error.
> - [Resource status] Fixed an issue where the graph was not taking all available space in panel.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed issue preventing some services from being listed in the filters.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed issue preventing user from using compact mode.
> - [Top counter] Fixed an issue on refresh intervals.
> - [Top counter] Fixed an issue on refresh fields where negative values were allowed.
> - [Top counter] Fixed an issue where calls were performed even if user hadn't access.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Security fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Image upload] Fixed a security issue on image upload.
> - [Image upload] Fixed a security vulnerability while uploading an image.
> - [Security] Fixed extends-tag vulnerability in Smarty.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Media - Image Synchronization] SVG files are now supported.
- [Resource Status] Added Flapping state in "find resource by parent" endpoint.
- [Resource Status] Added Flapping state in the list of resources and updated the icon in the details panel.
- [Status Grid widget] Optimized the way the health of Business Activities is calculated.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [ACL] Fixed an issue where rights were not applied correctly to a hostgroup when it was created by a non admin user.
- [Agent/Poller configuration] Fixed an issue where the list of configurations was still filtered but the search bar was empty.
- [CLAPI] Fixed an issue preventing the list of Business Activities to be displayed after creating a Business Activity using CLAPI.
- [Configuration] Fixed an issue on remote servers where users lost their contact groups when edited.
- [Media - Image Synchronization] Fixed an issue with the case sensitivity of file extensions.
- [Reports/Availability] Fixed an issue where CSV files could not be downloaded if a day was UNDETERMINED in the selected period.
- [Resource status] The host_category filter now works correctly and returns no errors.
- [Resource status] Fixed an issue where graphs were not taking all of the available space in the side panel.
- [Resource Status] All services are now correctly listed in the filters.
- [Resource Status] Using compact mode no longer causes an error.
- [Top counter] Fixed an issue on refresh intervals.
- [Top counter] Negative values are no longer allowed in the "Refresh interval for statistics" fields.
- [Top counter] Unnecessary calls are no longer performed when users don't have access to the top counter.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Image upload] Fixed a security issue on image upload.
- [Security] Fixed extends-tag vulnerability in Smarty.

</details>
```

## Centreon DSM

### 24.10.1

Release date: `February 26, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [DSM] Fixed an issue where new pool configurations was disabled without possibility to enable them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DSM] Fixed an issue where new pool configurations were disabled, without any possibility to enable them.
```
